Wait a minute.
This glass of wine
He doesn't deserve it.
This wine is a special wine from Skylark International.
I spent millions
Purposefully bought it from someone else
He has a stomach
Why enjoy the benefits of our Jiang family?
worth millions
Nice
This Skylark Group is the top club in the country
And not only that.
Their wine collection is also the top wine collection in the country
No social connections
And status person
How to match their wine?
And ah, it's because today is your birthday
And Xiaorou's career goes further
We just prepared it specially
go one step further
You don't know, do you?
Received the message before
Former top masked singer of the Chinese Orchestra
He will return with his new album in three days
Our Miss Jiang will be his partner
Perform together
Masked singer
He's a top music producer
It is said that he can make a person famous with one song
Anyone who has been with him
Supported by him
They are all the best sentence patterns in the country
This masked singer
But the world has always expected him to return to the public
What do you think?
If he pays, it will definitely be a hot search
If our Xiaorong goes on a hot search with him
Isn't that just a career that needs to be taken to the next level?
I didn't expect it.
Our Rong'er can achieve her dream
Take the stage with this legendary singer
Become a true top diva
It's also thanks to our Xiao Rong.
Vocal performance
In addition to his own efforts
This is why the masked singer likes it
Otherwise, I would have been burdened by this long ago
But it just rubbed the masked song god a heat
That's all it takes to get you so excited.